Add authentication and SSL/TLS to ServicePulse (#2729)
Particular/ServicePulse: docs/forwarded-headers-testing.md

# Local Testing Forward Headers (Without NGINX)

This guide explains how to test forward headers configuration for ServicePulse without using NGINX or Docker. This approach uses curl to manually send `X-Forwarded-*` headers directly to the application.

## Prerequisites

> - ServicePulse built locally (see main README for build instructions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ServicePulse built locally (see [main README for instructions](../README.md#setting-up-the-project-for-development))
```
